---
title: Roadmap
summary: Roadmap and publication strategy
keywords: roadmap, strategy, timeline
lang: en
tags: [index, intro]
last_updated: 2025-09-01
some_url:
icon: material/flare
created: 2025-02-01
comments: true
author:
    name: Daniel
    url: https://socialtic.org/quienes-somos/
    description: SocialTIC

---


# Roadmap

This resource presents the main **considerations to determine the order of development and publication priority** of contents. It also includes a list of additional materials planned for future development.

## Publication strategy

As an **initial priority**, the contents of this repository will address the need to **triage of potentially compromised devices**, including through the extraction and collection of digital evidence in consent-based scenarios. Additionally, we will prioritize the development of **guides and skills for Android devices**, given their prevalence across the global majority.

**Later on**,  our intention is to **include contents that **strengthen and advance analysis capacities**, particularly for emerging laboratories.

While a strategic content roadmap is outlined, we will **maintain flexibility** to adjust and include additional materials, especially when these arise from collaborations with counterparts to address specific needs.

Regarding language, **most contents will be written first in Spanish**, and we aim to make them available in English as well. Together with counterparts, we may collaborate to add additional languages. We thank in advance the efforts made in reviewing and translating contents.

For more information, you can get in contact at seguridad@socialtic.org


## Additional contents to be developed

Over the coming months, we expect to publish contents in the following topics:

* How to identify suspicious apps through the graphic interface of an Android device? 
* Managing evidence and data during a forensic investigation 
* Triage of an Android device using AndroidQF and MVT 
* Triage of an Android device using bugreport and MVT
* Dictionary of files generated by mvt-androidqf 
* Vectors and type of mobile malware attacks observed in civil society 
* Common Android artifacts 
* Analysis for malicious apps on Android 
* Manual analysis of logs   
* Vulnerability analysis on Android Análisis de vulnerabilidades on Android



## Comments

Do you have any **comment or suggestion** about this resource? You can use the **comment function provided below** to leave your ideas, corrections or thoughts. Please make sure to follow our [code of conduct](../../community/code-of-conduct/) when leaving your comment. If you prefer, you can also participate in the discussion directly in the [github repository](https://github.com/Socialtic/forensics/discussions). 
