---
title: Index of references
summary: Index of references
keywords: reference, index
author: Daniel Bedoya Arroyo
lang: en
tags: [indice, reference]
last_updated: 2025-09-01
some_url:
icon: material/ruler
---

# Reference

In this section you will find references. According to [Diataxis documentation framework](https://diataxis.fr/reference) reference material describes the machinery. It should be austere. **One hardly reads reference material; one consults it**. There should be no doubt or ambiguity in reference; it should be wholly authoritative. Reference contains technical knowledge that can be helpful when executing a task. 

A good example of a reference is a map. It is a clear, neutral and precise resource that serves as support when completing a task, in this case getting from point A to point B. 

## Published references

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :fontawesome-solid-handshake-simple:{ .lg .middle }      __Dictionary of output files generated by androidqf__

    ---

    Contains information about **files generated by the tool androidqf** when conducting a forensic extraction of an Android device and describes why they are useful. The objective is to **facilitate the understanding of the resulting files**, including what information is included and why it could be helpful from a forensic standpoint.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Dictionary of output files generated by androidqf](01-reference-androidqf-dictionary/)

-   :material-bug-check:{ .lg .middle }      __MVT bugreport output file dictionary__

    ---

    Contains information about **files generated by the tool MVT when analyzing a bugreport** using the command  *mvt-android check-bugreport*. The objective is to **facilitate the understanding of the resulting files**, including what information is included and why it could be helpful from a forensic standpoint.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Dictionary of files generated by MVT when analyzing a bugreport](02-reference-mvt-bugreport-dictionary/)


-   :material-bug-check:{ .lg .middle }      __MVT AndroidQF output file dictionary__

    ---

    Contains information about **files generated by the tool MVT when analyzing an AndroidQF extraction** using the command  *mvt-android check-androidqf*. The objective is to **facilitate the understanding of the resulting files**, including what information is included and why it could be helpful from a forensic standpoint.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Dictionary of files generated by MVT when analyzing an AndroidQF extraction](03-reference-mvt-androidqf-dictionary/)


-   :fontawesome-solid-sheet-plastic:{ .lg .middle }      __Android Forensics Cheat Sheet__

    ---

    Contains a cheat sheet with a summary of the **phases of a consented forensic investigation on an Android device, including useful commands, links and key considerations for each of the phases**

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: Android Forensics Cheat Sheet](04-reference-cheat-sheet-android/)





</div>
